Simple CTF  

1. Methodology/Thoughts
------------------------

Ran an nmap scan on the target IP and there were two services running under port 1000, on port 21 & 80.
Ran a port specific scan against port 2222 to see that ssh service was running on this port.
Performing an aggressive scan against the open ports (-A) it shows that port 80 is running a web server, so typing the target IP into the browser we see that it shows the Apache 2 Ubuntu Default page. Here I had to get some help online with the subdomain enumeration, and came across OWASP Zap which I hadn’t used for a number of years. I ran a scan against the target IP to search for any known web vulnerabilities. However, I didn’t find anything after going through the results, so I turned to Dirb and came across http:/10.10.95.116/simple and found the application in question (CMS Made Simple) running version 2.2.8 and a quick google lead me to the CVE (CVE-2019-9053).
The exploit listed is SQL Injection (sqli)
I struggled with the task of finding the password initially, but eventually, using online forums I used the EDB-ID of the exploit (46635) and saved it to a python file. I used the common credentials list in the TryHackMe hint but I couldn’t get the script to run. However, by converting the python file from p2 to p3 I was able to run it. With the following results; 
Using hydra and the rockyou.txt password list I was able to crack it;

Where can you login with the details obtained? ssh protocol to login (port 2222)
After signing in as mitch using the newly obtained password I can see there exists a user.txt file which when opened contained the flag (G00d j0b, keep up!)
Is there any other user in the home directory? What's its name? Navigate to the home folder and list users, sunbath is the other user.
I used “sudo -l” to see what programs mitch could run and “vim” was listed.
After running Vim and noting I was a root user, I looked for files and found root.txt, which after opening contained the root flag (W3ll d0n3. You made it!) 

2. Tools & Commands Used
------------------------
- List of tools used: namp, OWASP Zap, Hydra, Dirb

4. Takeaways
------------
- I really enjoyed this box, it reminded me why I love cyber security and am transitioning back into the field after graduating from university and taking a different direction. I noticed a lot of the skills flooding back and am excited to do more.
